Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[tribal music playing]
[Quinn] Once upon a time.
in the heart of wild Australia.
deep in the vast
and boundless landscape
of the Outback.
there lived a village
of bandicoots!
-[lively music playing]
-[yawns]
-Morning. Sam.
-Hey. Bill.
[Quinn] These bandicoots
worked hard all year
gathering food.
tuber vegetables. mushrooms.
anything the land
could provide.
And provide it did!
When winter came.
the land would be empty.
but the bandicoots' stockpile
would be full.
The bandicoots would celebrate
with a big feast
-before settling in
for the long winter.
-[upbeat music playing]
All their friends were invited!
The emus.
the wombats. the kangaroos.
The koalas only liked
to eat eucalyptus leaves.
but with the right spices.
you can't tell the difference.
[squeaks]
[squeals]
The bandicoots
were excellent cooks!
The feast was happy and safe.
hidden away from
carnivores and scavengers
and other monsters.
Back then.
the monsters lived far away.
on a mysterious island.
Tasmania!
And on Tasmania.
there was one monster worse
than all the others.
-[footsteps thudding]
-A ravenous beast
with long. sharp teeth.
-ready to eat anything
in its path.
-[growls]
Or anyone!
Luckily for
the bandicoot village.
the monster stayed
on the island.
Or so they thought!
[creature growls]
That fateful night.
while the village
celebrated their feast.
someone else was preparing for
a feast of his own!
-[growls]
-The Tasmanian terror!
The Tasmanian monster!
The Tasmanian Devil!
[snarls]
[howls]
[growls] Tasmanian Devil!
There's no escape! [howls]
Your daughter's quite
the storyteller there.
What's that? Oh! Oh. boy.
[nervously] Uh. Quinn!
Hey. Quinn! [chuckles]
[growls and snarls] Yeah?
H-How would you like
to learn how to grill? Huh?
A little
father-daughter bonding?
-[growling]
-[grunts]
Okay. okay.
I think this story might be
just a little too scary.
Don't worry. Dad.
A hero comes in
and saves the day!
[dramatic music playing]
-The Lone Buckaroo!
-[all groaning]
[Stan] Oh. crikey.
[Quinn] The Lone Buckaroo!
Scourge of the carnivores.
Hero of the Outback.
[creature growls]
[all] Wow!
-[all sarcastically] Wow!
-[Melanie unimpressed] Eh.
[growls]
-[all grunting]
-Quinn. stop! please!
Ugh. Hold on.
[dramatic music playing]
Ha!
[growls]
Look out! He's preparing
his signature attack.
The Tasmanian devil spin!
[Aristotle] That's not what
the Tasmanian Devil does.
Yes. it is!
He spins around
really. really fast.
Yeah. but it's not
a somersault. It's a cartwheel.
Hey. have you
ever seen the Tasmanian Devil?
Seen him?
Well. no.
But my dad knows
all about him and--
[all] Oh. my gosh! Oh. my gosh!
You've seen
the Tasmanian Devil?
Oh. man. That's so cool!
-How tall is he?
-[boy] How short is he?
Wait! This is my story!
Uh. well. I've never seen
the Tasmanian Devil.
But I know a guy
who knows a guy.
[all] Wow!
I wish my dad knew guys.
Oh. does he cartwheel
or somersault?
It's more of
a tornado kinda deal.
-Why did he leave Tasmania?
-Nobody knows.
Uh. does he eat bandicoots?
Well. he eats everything.
so it--
How many of us
could he fit in his mouth?
Like if he really
crammed us in there?
I don't know.
Uh. three. four?
[all exclaim] Cool!
He's not cool!
He's a beast. a monster.
Waiting in the darkness
to eat you alive.
[gasps in fear]
He's not gonna eat you.
He may be scary.
but the Tasmanian Devil hasn't
bothered anyone in years.
-Which means he's hungry.
-[whimpering]
No.
Tonight's the night.
He's coming for ya.
Quinn. stop! He's gonna cry.
-[whimpering]
-Then I better tell him about
the hero that will save him.
-The Lone Buckaroo!
-[crying]
Now. where were we?
Charlie. I believe you were
hiding behind that rock.
-[all grumble]
-[boy grumbling]
The Lone Buckaroo.
Oh. hey! Maybe this time.
The Lone Buckaroo's friends
can help her beat
the Tasmanian Devil.
That way everyone can play.
-[all clamoring excitedly]
-[Quinn] What? Huh?
Fine.
[unenthusiastically]
Once upon a time.
there was a Tasmanian Devil.
and he fought the lone
as in a Lone Buckaroo.
-[Taz grunts quizzically]
-Hi-ya!
And her friend.
the other Lone Buckaroo.
No. there's only one of me.
And their friend.
Super Bandicoot!
[Taz grunts]
No super powers! You can only--
[Aristotle howls]
[all shouting excitedly]
Come on. Quinn.
Why don't you join in?
The Lone Buckaroo works alone.
Even if that means
getting eaten. [grunts]
-[ominous music playing]
-[slurps]
[all screaming]
[grunts and groans]
Whoops! Sorry. Quinn.
Let me just fix that for ya.
Aw. it's just Ned.
I thought it was
a real crocodile.
Ned's a real crocodile.
Yeah. but you know what I mean.
Hey. Ned.
Just in time for dinner.
[grunts] Oh. dinner!
[grunts]
One bandicoot style
eucalyptus leaf for the koala.
-Tastes just like
real eucalyptus.
-[Koala] Mmm!
And for the crocodile.
my own recipe.
bandicoot style veggie burgers.
[chuckles]
Tastes just like real. uh.
[clears throat] bandicoots.
[chomping]
I thought Ned was the crocodile
that didn't eat bandicoots.
Oh. no. no. no. He doesn't.
[chuckles] Ned doesn't
eat meat anymore.
But you used to?
Yup! That's how we met.
I almost ate him.
[chuckles] So embarrassing.
[nervously] Uh. but...
But I told him I knew
how to make veggie burgers
that taste like meat.
So now he eats them instead.
They taste better than meat.
and I don't even have to hunt.
All the other carnivores
think I'm crazy.
I tell them.
hunting is for suckers.
Bandicoot village
is where it's at.
You don't actually
tell carnivores
to come to our village. do you?
Hmm? No! No.
I just tell 'em that
if they tasted these burgers.
they'd never eat meat again.
You should make more.
[chomps]
[chuckles] I wish.
But this stockpile
needs to last us
through the winter.
Aw. jeez. I don't want
to eat all your food.
[chomps and belches]
Now why don't you
tell me the recipe
so I can make my own?
No way. No. no.
It's too dangerous.
More dangerous than hunting?
They're vegetables!
They're just eggs laid
by a tree.
Okay. I don't actually
know what vegetables are.
but I know there's
nothing dangerous
about tossing 'em on a grill.
Yeah. you don't
wanna overcook it.
Here. let me show you.
[humming]
Okay. now it gets tricky.
[tribal music playing]
if you add
too much scorpion venom.
it's poisonous.
But if you add too little.
even more poisonous.
Don't ask.
Overcooking makes it explode.
[clears throat]
While under-cooking
gives it a weird aftertaste.
Also melts your stomach.
Ah. it took me years to learn.
and I'm the only bandicoot
that can do it.
That's why this year's feast
is so special.
I'm going to teach Quinn
how to cook. [chuckles]
Now where is she. anyway?
[knocking]
[gasping]
-Whoops! Sorry.
-[whimpers and grunts]
Ah. there you are.
How'd you like to learn
how to grill. huh?
Why? So I can bribe Ned
to not eat me?
It's not a bribe.
Ned guards
our village every night.
and we feed him in return.
He's... He's our friend.
I'm a vegetarian now.
Yeah. now.
How many bandicoots did you eat
before my dad became
your personal chef?
[sighs]
Uh. why don't you
put those aside?
I think I'm full.
Quinn. where are you're going?
To my room!
Unless you want to give that
to some other kid. too.
Hey. Uh. how big is the room?
My mom says my energy
takes up a lot of space.
[groans] Quinn!
[somber music playing]
[sighs] You weren't
very nice to Ned.
So? He tried to eat you.
Well. he didn't know
any better.
Ned has protected us for years.
Anyone can change
if you give them the chance.
I wish we didn't need his help.
Well. needing help is
a good way to make friends.
And the village
has never been safer.
It wasn't always like this.
You're too young to remember.
but there was a time
when we were never safe.
A time when
I couldn't protect everyone.
Now. it's just you and me.
I worry about you.
I know.
Well. that's why I wanted
to teach you to cook.
Maybe it'll get you
out of trouble one day.
like it did for me.
You know what I always say...
[both] "If you can't
beat 'em. feed 'em."
But I was telling a story.
and it was just getting good.
Or at least.
I thought so. [sighs]
The other kids think I'm weird.
Yeah. well all kids are weird.
That little one over there
picks his nose with his tail.
Yeah. look.
adventure stories are fun.
but they aren't going
to protect you.
I guess.
Here. Tomorrow morning.
you'll learn how to cook.
Now it's bed time.
Can't I read some more?
Nope. it's too dark.
Hey! [giggles]
Goodnight. Quinn. Love you.
[Quinn's voice echoing]
Love you too. Dad. Goodnight.
[tribal music playing]
[in sing-song voice] Night.
[sighs]
[snoring]
[both scream]
-Morning. Quinn!
-[panting]
Your dad asked me
to wake you up extra early.
I always wanted
to be a rooster. [giggles]
[screaming]
Dad? Dad?
Huh. He's probably getting
ingredients from the stockpile.
[gasps] Our food!
It's gone!
Who could have done this?
Ned!
[grunting] Ned. Huh?
Wait a minute.
[crying] It wasn't me!
It was dingoes!
Dingoes?
Why didn't you fight them off?
You're supposed to protect us.
These weren't just any dingoes.
It was Rocky's gang!
They're vicious!
There were so many of them.
And one of them
was really big. and--
Ned!
Why would dingoes
take our vegetables?
They're carnivores.
They must've heard
about the veggie burgers.
Gee. I wonder how
they heard that. Mr. Big Mouth.
Why didn't you tell them
the recipe takes years
of practice.
and my dad's the only one
who can make them?
-I did!
-And?
They took your dad. too.
[shouts] They what?
[dramatic music playing]
Wait! Come back!
-These tracks lead
into the ocean.
-[panting]
But there's nothing
in that direction except...
[gasps]
Tasmania?
Exactly. None of us
have ever been there.
so it's the perfect place
to disappear.
All of our food gone.
And nothing will grow
'til next spring.
What happened. Ned?
Did you fall asleep?
No. he was awake.
I heard him crying all night.
I was not!
I... Okay. maybe I was
a little distracted.
Quinn hurt my feelings
pretty bad.
[nervously] What?
You're a crocodile!
You're supposed
to have thick skin.
Look. it's not important.
Let's just go to Tasmania
and get my dad back.
Isn't Tasmania kinda dangerous?
I heard there's carnivores.
and they're even
bigger and meaner
than the ones we have here.
You said it's full of monsters!
[all clamoring]
[shouts] Enough!
I'm the one
who let this happen. I'll go.
Rocky's gang may be tough.
and they may have
beaten me up once.
and there may be
no reason at all
to expect I'll succeed.
so you know what?
I've changed my mind.
[clapping]
Fine. If none of you
are brave enough.
I'll get someone meaner
than a crocodile
who could take on 100 dingoes.
The Tasmanian Devil?
What? No. no. no. The Lone...
Hey. that's not a bad idea.
Whoa! Nu-uh! Nope. Time out.
The real Tasmanian Devil
is different than the one
from your stories.
Trust me. the guy's a mess.
He's out to lunch.
And good thing. too.
because if he ever
came to his senses.
he'd probably eat all of us.
including me.
You used to be
a carnivore too. remember?
Although without
my dad's burgers.
maybe you'll go back
to eating meat.
[ominous music playing]
No! No.
I'm still vegetarian. see?
-[chomping] Ugh.
Is mud a vegetable?
-No.
-What about koalas?
-[shouts] No!
Okay. just checking.
Boy. this is gonna be rough.
Your dad didn't leave
any burgers behind?
Just one.
And I'm taking it
to the Tasmanian Devil.
If you can't beat 'em.
feed 'em.
Quinn. as your new father.
I forbid you from doing this!
You're not my dad.
and I don't need your help!
Just like The Lone Buckaroo.
Scourge of the dingoes.
Hero of the bandicoots!
And the Tasmanian Devil.
Eater of dingoes
and of crocodiles...
And of birds and of rocks!
-And bandicoots.
-Yeah. can't forget bandicoots.
Right. That is. if I can even
find where he lives.
Oh. I heard he lives
in a spooky cave.
11.2 kilometers.
107 degrees east.
south-east of here.
slightly left of
the billabong tree.
That's very helpful. Thanks.
Quinn! get back here.
young lady!
[sigh] They grow up
so fast these days.
You know. my mom carried me
in her mouth for two years.
Yikes!
[dramatic music playing]
I've been walking all day.
I can't be far now.
That must be it!
Hmm. I wonder if I can
see Tasmania from here.
Hey. that doesn't
look too scary.
That goat even looks
kinda friendly.
[growling loudly]
Suddenly the Tasmanian Devil
doesn't seem so scary.
[ominous music playing]
[nervously] I-I don't think
I should do this.
I don't think I can do this!
Luckily for me.
it never matters what I think.
[grunting]
[creature growling]
-[cautiously] H-hello?
-[creature grumbles]
[echoing] I'm looking for
the Tasmanian Devil!
[creature growling louder]
[thudding]
[belches]
[flies buzzing]
You're the Tasmanian Devil?
Hmm? No. Me. uh. someone else.
Not Taz.
[slurps]
Yes. you are. You're him.
I mean.
you're a little more... stubby.
But it's definitely you.
Taz not here. Taz dead.
Please. I need your help.
Our food was stolen.
What kind food?
-Vegetables.
-Meh.
-They also took my dad!
-What kind dad?
A bandicoot.
Like me. but bigger.
-Ah! [slurps]
-[chuckles nervously] Hold on.
I don't want you
to eat him. Or me.
That's actually important.
Probably should have
mentioned that first.
But I will pay you!
Feast your eyes on this!
Ew. what this you bring?
Look like mushroom
making bad mistake.
No! It's food.
It's delicious.
[sniffs]
Smell like turtle shell
with no turtle.
I know it doesn't
look like much.
but if you cook it right.
it tastes better than
anything you've ever eaten.
Or anyone. [chuckles nervously]
But my dad's the only one
who can cook it.
Help me rescue him.
and he'll make you
all the burgers you can eat.
I'd find him myself.
but I don't know my way
around Tasmania. and--
[shouts] Tasmania?
[slobbering] Me not go
to Tasmania.
Me not Taz.
Hey. wait!
Can I just ask you
some questions?
I won't be annoying or rude.
Or sometimes
I'm rude by accident.
but only when I'm excited.
[sniffs] It smells awful
in here.
Hmm. better than veggie booger.
You're supposed to cook it.
You know. with fire?
Not in here. though.
It smells like gas.
Is that how
you're supposed to smell
or are you extra smelly?
Aren't you lonely in here?
Why don't you want
to go to Tasmania?
Is it scary?
Did something bad happen there?
Did you eat this
entire whale by yourself?
You did. didn't you?
Doesn't look like
you have any family.
Me have family.
[Quinn] Mmm?
Oh! [chuckles] Very nice.
Yeah. very nice.
No room for little bandy-cooty.
Go away. Me go to bed.
You don't have a bed.
Just a big whale skeleton!
It pull out!
But me sleep on ground.
[grunts] Ow!
Please! I just need someone
who knows Tasmania.
I'll take on Rocky myself.
if I have to.
You say Rocky?
You've heard of him?
That's great!
Think of the adventure
we'll have.
[captivating music playing]
We'll take Tasmania by storm.
Working together. you and me.
[thuds]
We'll fight side by side.
and we'll take on all comers.
[koalas chittering]
[grunting]
Come on!
You're supposed to be
the Tasmanian Devil.
Like this. look.
[growling and babbling]
And then you
spin around like this.
[blowing raspberries]
-[Taz grunts]
-[yelps and grunts]
Me not Tasmanian Devil!
Aw nuts.
[eerie music playing]
I can't give up now.
I've got one more shot.
[triumphant music playing]
If I can grill this perfectly.
he won't be able to resist.
He'll have to lead me to Rocky.
[imitating Rocky crying]
"Please don't hurt us. Quinn!
You can have your dad back!"
[as Quinn] Too late
for apologies. Rocky.
En garde!
[fizzles]
[shouting] No!
[eerie music playing]
Ooh!
[grumbles]
[groans] Ow!
[sniffs]
Huh?
This never would have happened
if I wasn't so obsessed
with telling dumb stories.
Or if I were a time traveler!
"Once upon a time.
there was
a time-traveling bandicoot--"
[Taz growls and snarls]
Huh?
[Taz babbling
and growling loudly]
The Tasmanian Devil!
[sniffs and chomps]
Mmm!
Hmm?
Uh...
[yells] Argh!
Hot! Hot! Hot!
The water! Go to the water!
[babbling]
[objects clattering
and aquatic animals screeching]
[cat screeches]
More veggie booger.
[panting]
I told you it was good!
I never lie.
More! More! More! More!
We can get more.
All we have to do is go
to Tasmania and find Rocky.
Uh... no Rocky. No Tasmania.
Too scary
for little bandy-cooty.
I am sick and tired of everyone
telling me it's scary!
I know it's scary!
You know what else is scary?
Not having food.
Not having a dad.
I'm already scared.
[sobbing] And nobody wants
to be scared with me.
[burps]
Forget it!
Just eat me already.
At least I won't starve.
[captivating music playing]
-What your name?
-Quinn.
Quinn give more booger.
I told you
I don't have any more.
Hmm. we get more.
From Tasmania!
You... you mean you'll help?
Find Dad. more boogers.
[both] Find Dad. more boogers.
Uh... okay.
[dramatic music playing]
More! More! More! More! More!
[gurgling] More!
[water gurgling]
[gasps]
More! More!
-[seagull squawks]
-More! More! More!
[water gurgling]
[gasping] More!
More!
[panting and chuckling]
[screams]
[water gurgling]
[groans] Ow.
[sighs]
Me have secret to tell.
Me really am Tasmanian Devil.
Yes. you are.
[Taz warbling sea shanty]
It's okay. Quinn.
He doesn't know any better.
Just enjoy the fresh air.
the gentle waves.
the cool ocean mist...
-[warbling and spitting]
-Ugh!
Excuse me. Mr. Devil?
Can you keep it down?
Oh. yeah. Tasmanian Devil
keep anything down.
Never getting sick.
Food never come back up.
Always keep down.
That's not what I meant.
See? Jellyfish poison.
But Tasmanian Devil
keep it down.
[yelping]
Jellyfish spicy!
[coughing]
[gasps] But Taz keep it down.
[panting]
You see? Never sick.
[stomach rumbling]
That normal.
Well. you might not
lose your lunch.
but I might
if you don't clean your face.
Ooh. Uh... Pardon.
Our sail!
What are you doing?
Great!
Now we're stranded
until one of us
eats the other one.
Really looking forward
to seeing how that plays out.
What for you yell at Taz
when I help Quinn?
For make music?
You sounded terrible.
Taz not warmed up.
♪ Me me me me ♪
[clears throat]
♪ Me me meeee! ♪
[blows raspberry]
Look. once we rescue my dad.
I'll pay you.
and we can both go
our separate ways.
You don't have to get along.
I mean. you're not here
to make friends. right?
Uh...
Yeah.
Not friends.
Great.
Now let me try
and fix this sail.
-[water splashing]
-Now what?
Uh... Taz? Taz?
Whoa. Whoa!
[screaming]
Tasmania.
We're almost there. Taz!
Okay. you might wanna
slow down.
Taz?
Taz!
Oof!
Phew!
That could've been a lot worse.
[groans]
Home sweet home.
Taz! The raft Is ruined!
Oh. why did you
hit those rocks?
I told you to slow down.
Rocks slower.
Nothing slower than rock.
Well. we don't have time
to fix it now.
We'll have to rebuild it later.
After we've captured Rocky.
And when we do find him.
leave him to me.
Got it?
But you very small bandy cooty.
So? Just because he's bigger
you think he's gonna squash me
like a little bug?
No. bug much harder to squash.
I don't care.
Rocky's mine.
and that's an order!
Order?
What mean you order me?
It's nothing personal.
It's just business.
-That's the deal. remember?
-[grumbling]
Now. as the leader
of this investigation.
I say we go... this way.
Based on my understanding
of dingo criminal psychology.
I believe they're traveling
with the wind at their backs.
downhill wherever possible.
Whereas if they went this way.
they'd walk into the sea
and drown.
And that's not Rocky's style.
This is fun.
Come on. let's look
for clues in that swamp.
I wonder how the lone buckaroo
would handle this.
Wait! Swamp dangerous!
I'll be careful.
"The lone buckaroo
searched the dust
for footprints."
How am I supposed to
find footprints in the dust?
All I see is mud.
Maybe there's some
dust underneath...
Uh... crocodile.
Don't mind me.
Just passing through.
[crocodile growling]
[sighing]
Look. I don't want
to have to do this.
but I've taken on a lot
of crocodiles in my day.
Well. more like I've taken on
one crocodile a lot of times.
-Are all Tasmanian crocodiles
this big?
-[growls]
They are!
I should really be going.
and screaming.
Screaming and going!
[screaming]
[Taz straining]
Ow. ow. ow. ow. ow.
I'm too young to die!
I'm just very mature
for my age!
[screaming]
[Taz babbling]
[both grunt]
-Taz?
-Yeah. Hello.
Not Quinn. Not Quinn.
Not think this Quinn.
-[frog croaking]
-Keep to be safe.
[gasping]
[spitting]
Okay. yeah. Not Quinn.
-You go.
-But I can help.
Go!
Taz! Taz!
Wow!
Go. Taz! Whoo-hoo!
-[crunches]
-Ugh.
Are you okay?
[grunts] Not really.
[screams]
Oh. no! They got him
in a death roll!
Hang on. Taz.
They're trying
to make you dizzy.
"Dizzy"?
Me never get dizzy.
[growling]
That was amazing.
You're amazing.
I'm so amazed.
-Are you ama--
-[grumbling]
My book.
Thanks. Taz.
Hey. wait up.
Wait for me.
[Quinn straining]
[panting]
[Quinn] Wow. this is nothing
like I pictured at all.
I mean. it's wild.
but it's so beautiful.
How does it feel to be back?
I'm sure
there's a lot to take in.
Yeah.
Take in thorn.
Take in splinter.
Somewhere take in
crocodile tooth.
No.
I mean. what do you feel?
Feel thorn.
No. What do you feel inside?
Thorn inside and outside.
That what make it thorn.
Okay. do you want me
to pluck them out?
We not have to be friend.
That what you say.
We don't have to be.
But that doesn't mean
we can't be.
I didn't mean
to hurt your feelings.
I didn't think
you even had friends.
[Taz grumbles]
I mean.
that's not what I meant.
Look. I have trouble
making friends. too.
I'm quiet
when I'm supposed to talk.
I talk when I'm
supposed to be quiet.
It's like everyone
knows the rules but me.
The only one I'm
really close to me is my dad.
And he's...
Not close at all.
Mmm. We find him.
Tasmania only so big.
Bandy cooty only so small.
But no more you order me.
Me know Tasmania.
Maybe I'm not
all the time smart.
But I'm not all the time dumb.
You're right.
I'm sorry.
Friends?
Friends.
Great.
Now will you let me
take out those thorns?
Yeah. Okay.
Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
This is pretty deep
in your head.
[straining]
Maybe we should leave it?
Yeah. Leave that one. Ow!
Ow. Ow. Ow!
Hey. I found
that crocodile tooth.
That one not from today.
Ow! Ow!
[wind howling]
[bandicoot kids groaning]
All right. kids. bed time.
But I'm so hungry.
-Yeah. me too.
-[bandicoot kids] Me too.
I'm starving.
Well. the sooner
you go to sleep.
the sooner it'll be morning.
Is there gonna be food
in the morning?
Uh...
I can't tell you that.
it would spoil a surprise.
[chuckles nervously]
Look. just go to bed.
all right?
I'm too hungry for this.
-Let's go. Let's go. Move.
-[bandicoot kids grumbling]
Do you want me to keep watch?
Yeah.
Make sure nobody steals
our den. all right?
Thanks. Ned.
You're a big help.
Uh... Okay.
Good night.
[snoring]
[sniffs]
[grunting excitedly]
Good morning. I was gonna ask
if you're hungry.
but that's kind of
a dumb question. huh?
You find more veggie booger.
Not exactly. My dad
never taught me the recipe.
but I've seen him make it
a million times.
So I figured I'd do it
for breakfast.
One million breakfast?
I don't mean all at once.
I'm just making one.
Oh.
I'm pretty sure I got
the ingredients. right.
The important ones. anyway.
This might even be
an improvement.
This veggie booger?
-Yeah.
-Why it scream?
[screaming]
Oh. that's just air escaping.
Are you ready to try?
Yeah. yeah. [babbling]
We're going to take it
out of the fire this time.
Okay.
Bon appetit.
Bleh!
Well. how is it?
Tastes like food. only...
-Bad.
-Bad?
Yeah. Taste very bad.
Oh.
Well. maybe the recipe
needs some adjusting.
But why are you
still eating it?
Me never have bad food before.
You eat tons of weird stuff.
I watched you eat fire.
Yeah. that taste good.
For me. all food taste good.
Not this.
Ugh. this bad.
Okay. okay. I get it.
Let's just get moving.
The sooner we find my dad.
the sooner you can have
the real veggie burger.
Come on.
You don't have to finish that.
[belching]
What mean not finish?
Never mind.
[Taz babbling]
Taz!
[birds squawking]
Hey. Taz!
[blows raspberry]
Don't you think
we should be more quiet?
We don't want Rocky
to know we're coming.
It might be better
if we sneak up on him.
Okay. Yeah. we sneak.
[babbling quietly]
That's not how you sneak.
Like this...
Move like a shadow.
flow like water.
[Quinn whispering]
Move like a shadow.
flow like water...
Surprise!
Huh?
See? Now you try.
Move like a shadow.
flow like water...
[Taz babbling]
Here. let me get that for you.
How are you
such a fearsome predator
when you don't even know
how to sneak?
If everyone hears you coming.
they have time
to get out of your way.
Not if me not know
which way me going.
[laughs]
Shh!
Some things better
not to surprise.
[whispering] Like what?
[twig snaps]
[snakes hissing]
This good example.
Oops. Sorry.
I didn't mean to
sneak up on you there.
[chuckles nervously]
[screaming]
Hang on.
[straining]
[Quinn screaming]
[whirring]
[both screaming]
We're safe.
I think. How do you do this
without getting dizzy?
Whoa! Whoa!
If... If only we were heavier.
Finally. some good luck.
Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
-[creaking]
-Uh...
I think we should all step off
at the same time.
One. two. three!
I really am small. huh?
-Ow. Ow. Ow...
-Shoo! Shoo!
[straining]
High five!
Ow!
Taz! Oh. my gosh!
Are you okay?
[straining]
How come ground move?
We have earthquake?
Quinn! You find dad!
Look just like him.
You raise fine daughter.
Aw! Thanks. But I think
you're seeing double.
You're just dizzy. that's all.
Taz never dizzy!
Oh. yeah. That's right...
Maybe me hit head?
You think
that's what caused it?
No. I think maybe that fix it.
-[thumping]
-No.
-Stop!
You're going to make it worse!
That one not on purpose.
[groans]
Taz!
Uh-oh. Brain fell out.
You take.
In case you need extra.
This isn't a brain.
It's a potato!
Give back if you no like.
No. no. no.
I mean. this a potato.
And your brain is fine.
Mostly.
Do you realize what this means?
Yeah.
But you say first.
This is from our stockpile!
Rocky and the Dingoes
came this way.
[gasps] Look at these tracks.
Hmm. They must be dragging
our food on a sled!
They left the rainforest
and crossed over those plains.
Don't you see?
We're getting close.
We're going to find my dad!
Ya-hoo!
Hurry! Hurry!
Oh. I wish there was
a faster way for us to travel.
Maybe that eagle would have
helped us if we didn't
knock him out of the sky.
and catapult him into the sun.
Not need eagle.
No one faster
than Tasmanian Devil!
[groans]
Wait.
Can do this.
[groans]
Hey. hey!
Maybe you should stop spinning.
[gasps] If me not spin.
me not Tasmanian Devil!
Maybe me wombat.
or big stinky mouse.
[sniffs] Ugh!
No. no.
I shouldn't have rushed you.
We can slow down
for a little while.
Can you see the trail?
Or do you need help?
Me not need help!
[thuds]
-[groans softly]
-There's nothing wrong
with needing help.
It's a good way
to make friends.
Come on!
[eerie music playing]
Hmm.
Looks like the trail's leading
towards those mountains.
I didn't know
you had mountains.
You have everything here!
[echoes] It's wonderful!
Scary but wonderful.
It must have been a fun place
to explore when
you're growing up.
It okay.
Just okay?
It's in your name!
That's like if I were from
a place called "Quinnsland"
or something.
My dad says
I'm named after my mom.
which makes sense.
It would be weird if I was
named before her. right?
But I've never met my mom.
What about you?
What are your parents like?
-Me run away.
-Wow. really?
A runaway?
Sounds like a good story.
Bad memory.
Bad memories
are the best stories!
What did you do
after you ran away?
Bad things.
Like what?
[gasps] Wait! What if
it's not your head that's
making you dizzy?
What if it's a memory
you don't even remember?
You know.
like from your subconscious?
You've got to
tell me everything!
It's like. imagine you were bit
by a snake.
and I have to suck out
the poison!
Let's do the memory first.
What's your worst memory?
Me feel lost.
Uh-huh!
Me not know where to go.
Yes! Tell me more!
That all.
We lost.
Oh.
You mean the trail. Rats.
Well. things can only
go up from here.
Why won't you tell me
what you did?
It can't be that bad.
It's not like you stole
a bunch of food
and kidnapped my dad.
As long as you're not Rocky.
you're okay in my book.
-Speaking of books--
-How come you talk
when me have headache?
And quiet when near snake?
Always wrong time you talk!
[both grunting]
Sorry for trying
to get to know you.
You're the one who wanted
to be friends
in the first place.
-Not me.
-Oh. yeah?
Yeah!
I didn't want your help.
I wanted to come here
by myself.
Well. me just here
for veggie booger.
[mockingly] Oh. you'll get your
"veggie booger"!
I can't wait to pay you.
so I never
have to see you again!
Yeah. and me not have to hear
little bandy cooty!
Fine. then!
We don't have to talk!
And when this is over.
we'll never speak again.
-Good.
-Yeah. that good.
-Very good!
Total silence.
never speak again.
-[Taz] Yeah. never talk.
-[Quinn] Fine by me.
And another thing.
instead of making imaginary
friends out of seaweed.
maybe jump in the water
and take a bath instead! Ugh!
Maybe you read book about
not being nosy little
bandy cooty!
I'm intellectually curious.
That for sure.
Hey! What do you mean by that?
And since when
are you Mr. Clever?
I happen to be... uh...
[shivering] Freezing.
It's cold up here.
It get cold everywhere.
Winter.
Hey! A snow flake!
Let's have a contest to see who
can catch the most
on their tongues.
[chomping]
Listen. Ned.
We've been talking and...
We don't think we need you
to guard us anymore.
You don't?
I mean. it wouldn't be fair.
We can't make
your veggie burgers.
And you must be getting hungry.
Probably getting real hungry.
Well. sure.
but we're all hungry.
That's true!
I've lost a lot of weight.
Just skin and bones here.
With no meat at all!
Not like the koala.
At least he's still got
eucalyptus leaves to eat.
Juicy little guy's been housing
eucalyptus. I tell ya.
And look at them thighs!
I'll keep watch for free
if it makes you feel safe.
We feel safe...
Even when you're not here.
Oh.
Oh. I see.
These snowflakes are actually
kinda filling though.
We have to keep moving.
Too dark. Sleep here.
What do you know?
It was you getting hurt
that slowed us down.
Hey! What are you doing?
Hmm.
Say here it bad to fall off
mountain and die.
Say that maybe slow you down.
[sarcastically] Wow.
This good book.
Gimme that!
I never should have
taught you sarcasm.
Promise we'll go
first thing in the morning!
-Promise.
-Fine.
But I'm still
not talking to you.
Let's see how you enjoy
the silent treatment.
[snoring]
Of course
he snores in his sleep.
[Taz] Me awake.
I keep watch.
[snoring continues]
Well. I can't sleep like this.
Maybe you need lullaby.
♪ Hush little
Bandy cooty thing ♪
♪ Wiggle you around ♪
♪ And sing. sing. sing ♪
I don't need a lullaby.
Maybe warm milk?
What I need is for you
to leave me alone.
Why don't you go. um...
sleep in that cave over there.
Sleep in cave?
Why not?
You didn't want to leave
your cave when we met.
Maybe that's where you belong.
I mean. you only came out
for food. right?
Uh. yeah.
Food.
Great. Goodnight.
[shivering]
The fire went out. Taz!
Oh. right.
I better build another.
I hope he isn't too cold
in there.
How else was I
supposed to sleep?
I wonder where he learned
that lullaby.
He'd probably just get mad
if I asked.
[mockingly] "What for you
ask me about past?"
"We not friends now."
[snickering] Hey!
I do a pretty good Taz.
[imitates Taz's warbling]
"Me smell veggie booger."
Wait a minute.
[sniffs]
"Me do smell veggie booger."
[cackling in distance]
[gasps] Oh my gosh!
Is that Rocky's gang?
I can't see from here.
I need to wake Taz so we can
sneak up for a closer look.
Wait. What am I saying?
Taz can't sneak.
Even his shadow makes a noise.
It makes a smell.
I'll just get a closer look
and come right back.
And I won't try
and play the hero.
I am going to wear the mask.
but only because it's cold.
If that's Rocky's gang.
they probably have look outs.
And they'll be listening for
even the slightest sound.
[music playing]
I'm 99.99 percent sure
that's them.
[all laughing]
Our vegetables!
[cheering]
Thank you. thank you.
I got to hand it to you. Rocky.
You play a mean fiddle.
Yeah. Boss. that was great.
What about me?
Uh. you did good too. Butch.
Yeah. I like that you weren't
trying to do too much.
Aw. thanks.
This is great!
Sure beats hunting
for food all night.
Ah. you said it!
That dopey crocodile was right
about one thing.
Hunting is for suckers.
Speaking of which. all this
dancing is making me hungry.
Well. perhaps we should
wake the Chef.
Rise and shine.
[gasps]
The boys and I
are feeling peckish.
What do you recommend?
[muffled speaking]
Hmm. veggie burgers?
Is that what you said?
That's what it sounded like.
Alright!
Veggie burgers all around.
The kitchen is yours.
Oh. and Chef?
I heard these veggie burgers
could be dangerous if you don't
make them right.
Years of practice. I heard.
Or else... [croaking]
That's why Lou here.
is going to have the first bite
-[gulps] I am?
-You are!
And if anything
bad happens to him.
I'm going to lodge
a very serious complaint.
And believe me. you're not
going to like where I lodge it.
Understand?
Ah. thanks for looking out
for me. boss.
And no onions. neither.
Acid reflux.
Now's my chance.
I can't wait for Taz.
I've got to get my dad out
of here and bring our food
back to the village.
If I'm quiet enough
to startle a snake.
I can definitely sneak past
these guys.
-[snake hissing]
-[Quinn screams]
What do we have here?
Aw. nuts.
Another bandicoot.
I know you said we wouldn't
have to hunt no more.
but this is crazy.
You think that Chef would mind
throwing this on the grill. eh?
-Or is that too much?
-That's a bit much. Lou.
Maybe if boss asks.
Oh. I do have some questions.
Here's one.
Do you know this bandicoot?
[muffled speaking]
What's he saying?
Is that a "yes"?
Maybe take the mask off.
Let go of my dad.
you big jerks.
Before I do something I regret.
Your dad? Well...
You came all the way
to Tasmania.
all the way to this mountain.
all by yourself
just to save your dad?
I'm impressed. That's family.
Like you would know.
Of course I would.
This is my family.
That's Butch. Lou. Sid...
I'm Rocky by the way.
You must be Quinn.
I've heard so much about you.
That's why we gagged him.
Your dad's part of the
family now.
Which makes you family. too.
There's no rules saying
you have to be a Dingo.
You just have to be brave.
tough. and ready for adventure.
Do you also have to be a dirty.
rotten thief?
It definitely helps.
But we're willing to train
the right candidate.
We are looking for more cooks.
Did your dad teach you
how to cook. Hey. hey?
[thumping]
No. huh?
It's never too late to learn.
Let me go!
Let... [muffled speaking]
No talking during class please.
Oh. yeah!
I see the resemblance.
[Taz sniffs] Hmm?
You make secret veggie booger.
That why you tell me
to sleep in cave?
Wait.
How come no food?
How come no fire?
How come no Quinn?
[gasps] How come no food?
Okay. me have to think.
Where I go if me Quinn?
[Quinn mumbling]
[mockingly] "I go find Rocky
all alone.
Even though me only little
bandy cooty."
Hey. that pretty good.
Also pretty bad.
Isn't this lovely? A dad
teaching his daughter
how to grill!
It's always good to have
a backup chef. in case
something very bad happens.
In fact. let's all
pay attention!
Go ahead. Chef.
[giving muffled instructions]
Uh. I didn't get that.
Di-Did you get that?
Can we untie his gag?
She's going to mess this up
if she can't hear him!
Of course! How silly of me.
I was just saying that you want
to sear the outside first.
because that traps
the juices in. and then
you bring the heat down.
and you tell your daughter that
no matter what happens.
you love her very much.
What if you don't have
a daughter? Can you
use eggs instead?
No questions until the end!
Your turn.
Ju-Just do what he says
and we won't get hurt.
That's good! That's very good!
You... You're doing--
[gasping]
Great. Yeah. There it is.
Welp. told you she'd
mess it up.
[coughing] Get her!
C'mere. you!
[growls]
She's got a spatula. boss!
What's she going to do.
flip you with it?
Just grab her!
[Quinn whimpers]
Hey. what the--
Run. Quinn!
That's it! Run!
Go! And never come back
no matter how much danger
I'm in and you just--
Well. that was it.
Probably the last thing
I'll ever say.
and you completely ignored it!
I'll give you one thing.
You're one tough
little bandicoot!
Here's another
cooking lesson. boys.
-What do you do when your
bandicoot's too tough?
-[struggling]
Hmm. tenderize it!
Exactly. Butch?
One more chance
to join us. Quinn.
I thought you liked outlaws!
I like the ones
that are heroes!
[grunts]
Hmm? Hey! Do you guys
hear something?
[faint rustling]
What is that?
[warbling softly] Me sneak.
[growls]
It's the Tasmanian Devil!
Pfft. yeah. right!
All the way out here
in Tasmania?
It's probably just some
big stinky mouse!
Get 'em. Taz!
[growls]
That's him. alright!
Welp. it was nice knowing ya!
Except for this last part.
Well. yeah.
[groans dizzily]
Taz!
That's the Tasmanian Devil?
You said he was tough!
Oh. he is! But I found
someone tougher...
Butch!
Wow. you very big dingo.
Thanks! You very big mouse!
Finish him!
Okay. Boss!
[straining]
[squawking]
Aw. nuts.
Aw. that's our food!
Wait! Get back here!
It's over. Rocky!
You're going to take me
on all by yourself?
You're very brave.
but not very smart.
I usually work as
the lone buckaroo.
but sometimes it's better
to have a friend!
Get 'em. Taz!
[warbles]
Ha! You're you're a shadow
of the Taz I remember!
Huh? You've met before?
Met? I practically raised him!
You're lying!
He's lying. right?
Right?
He didn't tell you? Taz was
the meanest member of our gang!
Now look at him.
He can't even spin!
Me not need spin!
Ah. ah. ah!
[playing sad music]
Taz? What's wrong?
He's been this way
since he was little!
The only way to control him
was with music.
Just snap out of it!
It's me. Quinn.
I'm afraid he can't hear you.
Too bad!
-Looks like he's
heading for that cliff!
-[gasps]
Taz. come here.
stop. watch out.
wake up. watch out. stop!
Come here. wake up!
[Rocky singing]
♪ Hush little devil
Don't you cry ♪
♪ Papa's gonna kick you
Say goodbye ♪
No!
Hey. get off me!
Let me go!
Goodbye. Taz.
You're like the son
I never had.
Seriously. it's like I never
had him at all! Hyah!
Taz!
Ah! Isn't it great
being an outlaw?
You get everything you want.
You've got your dad. your food.
and now you get to be
a real outlaw.
just like in the stories.
The outlaws in
my stories wouldn't
kick someone off a cliff.
You see. to me. that sounds
an awful lot like a law.
And we're outlaws. remember?
But we'll cross that river
when we come to it!
Nice work. boys!
Anything we want. we take.
All of Tasmania belongs to us.
If you like. we could name
a mountain after you!
[chuckles] Give him
the small one! I call dibs
on the big one.
That's Mount Lou!
Aw! Hey. you want
to trade mountains?
It's an avalanche. genius!
Pull faster!
Faster!
It's too late!
[suspenseful music playing]
The avalanche dried up
the river for us! Ha!
Even the natural disasters
here are on our side!
Oh. mate that tornado's
here to help. too!
[Rocky] Huh?
[Taz warbles]
Taz?
Impossible!
You're alive!
[burps]
But you're still dizzy.
Maybe you need more sleep.
Maybe it's your blood sugar.
Maybe you're being
haunted by a ghost.
Have you tried ginger?
Meditation? Volunteering?
[gasps]
Stop! You're hurting yourself!
You're nothing without me.
Too bad I found someone to
take your place. Finish him!
Give up. Taz! He's bigger.
stronger. and less dizzy!
Oh. yeah?
[both warbling]
Now it fair fight.
Whoa!
I can't tell who's winning.
Me neither.
Maybe this will help.
You can't do that!
It's not fair!
See. that's another law
and we're... [sighs]
We need to discuss
alternative teaching methods.
I'm worried Quinn
may be falling behind!
Ahhh!
[muffled] Quinn?
And a-one. and a-two!
[violin music playing]
Taz! Look out!
[Quinn] Hey. big guy!
Ha ha! You miss!
Uh-oh.
[all screaming]
Dad. I need your help
pulling Taz!
Okay. so he's on our side?
I was confused about that.
So that's where Quinn
got her attention span!
You're on my side now!
Taz used to be. but we had
to cut him loose. Like this!
Go. Dad!
Get off of me!
Argh!
[growls]
Oh. dear.
Ahhh!
Oh!
[all] Ahhh!
[gasps]
[panting]
Dad? [sputters] Dad?
Quinn. over here.
Your friend
doesn't look so good.
Not friend.
Me not say friend.
Him say that.
But. yeah. me not feel good.
We are friends. Taz.
You could have told me
about you and Rocky.
You were just a mixed up kid.
who was lonely and scared.
And you made mistakes
just like me.
I'm sorry I was so mean.
I just wanted to know you
and I couldn't understand
why you didn't
want to talk about your past.
I figured you just
thought I was annoying
like everyone else.
Either that
or you're embarrassed
because you don't know
how to speak in the past tense.
That not fair.
This Taz third language.
Wow. really?
See. there's so much
I don't know.
[Rocky] And you never will!
His story ends here!
I don't think so. Rocky!
[grunts]
[groans]
Dad!
Leave us alone!
Oh. I'm about to
leave you more alone
than you've ever been
in your miserable little life.
Taz may have turned
into a big softie.
but there's one thing about him
that hasn't changed.
His love of music!
Not this time. Rocky!
[gasps]
That's all right.
Every good musician
knows how to improvise.
[warbles]
Any last words?
I know you'll keep them short.
You don't know any long ones.
Something memorable
like. "That's all. folks!"
Or. "Suffering succotash!"
Well. what do you
have to say for yourself?
[burps]
-[belching and vomiting]
-[Rocky screaming]
Oh! It's horrible!
Don't look. Dad.
Close your eyes.
[sputtering]
[groans]
Hmm?
[screaming]
What wrong with him?
Taz!
Are you okay?
Me think so. What happen?
I think you lost your lunch.
I think you lost
a lot of lunches.
And you've had
some weird lunches.
Oh. You can open your eyes now.
Oh. my eyes are closed?
Why can I still see it?
Okay. it not that bad.
This never happen.
Me promise!
Well. you look a lot better.
Hey. Yeah. Feel good.
[warbling]
So. if it wasn't your fall.
or your age.
nor your head...
what was it?
What was
the last thing you ate?
Quinn make veggie booger.
Oh. really?
[laughing nervously]
Hey. maybe it veggie booger.
It doesn't matter.
Maybe you very bad
at make food.
Okay.
You make Tasmanian Devil sick.
He never sick!
Me eat entire whale
and that during heat wave.
Okay! Okay!
I guess I need help
with some stuff.
But don't worry.
My dad will make the burgers
when we pay you
for helping us.
That not why me help.
It's not?
Me help for friend.
Aw! Taz!
But me will have veggie booger
if you making them.
I'll tell you what. Taz.
I'll make as many
veggie burgers as you want.
Yeah? Yeah. [smacks lips]
We still need to figure out
how to get this thing home.
I just want to get out of here
before anything else happens--
[screams]
[gasps and pants]
-[Quinn] Ned?
-[panting]
[panting] Came to help...
find your dad.
[breathing heavily]
Oh! Hang on.
I got a cramp.
Oh. what's this for?
You helped me find my dad.
Oh. I did?
Hey. Ned!
Hey. there he is! [cackling]
All right.
I did it! Bring it in!
Mmm!
[gasps] Is that
the Tasmanian Devil?
-[Quinn] Uh-huh.
-[Taz] Mmm.
Oh. is he going to eat us?
[Taz and Quinn] Uh-uh.
Great! Oh! Let's go home.
All aboard!
So. whatever happened
to. Rocky?
Well. I guess he's just not
as tough as he used to be.
[warbling]
Veggie Booger! [warbles]
And they tied us up
and made us listen
to terrible music.
Suddenly. the mountain
began to shake
and before we knew
what was happening
the boulders rolled towards us!
Whoa! Then what happened?
Shh! Let her tell it!
[Stan] I was!
Sorry guys.
To be continued!
[bandicoot kids] Aw! Crikey!
We gotta hear what happens!
Well. what happened
to your story?
It was just getting good.
Didn't you want to teach me
how to grill?
You said it might
help me one day.
Ah! I love cooking!
You know.
it saved my life once.
But. it also
got me abducted by dingoes
and dropped off a waterfall.
[chuckles] That's just
how love is!
That doesn't make
a lot of sense.
No. no. I guess not.
That's why I'm the cook
and you're the storyteller.
We don't have to
love the same things.
Well. no. but it's still nice
to share them
sometimes with you.
[suspenseful music plays]
Hey. not bad.
Maybe I'll try telling
a story tonight.
I think someone
already has the stage.
And then me get attacked
by eagle.
Big eagle!
But me fight back like this.
[warbles]
[all gasp]
[warbling continues]
Then me fall into tree.
Then me fall out of tree.
Wow! Then what happened?
Then the dinosaur came!
Yeah. Yeah. that's true!
Big dinosaur.
me fight him. too.
Oh! But then
a ghost came to help you.
-Yeah.
-Ghost.
The ghost had flame powers.
Me and Ghost
fight Dinosaur.
First he went... [warbles]
and then I did [warbles] .
And then I showed up too.
You? I don't know.
I don't think the Tasmanian
climate is warm enough
to regulate
the body temperature
of a crocodile.
-That doesn't seem realistic.
-Mmm-mmm.
Who cares?
It's a good story.
-[all clamoring]
-Thanks. Quinn.
You are going to write
a great book someday.
Maybe.
I think I need to have
more adventures first.
How far do you think it is
to Antarctica?
Okay. then
the Tasmanian Devil and Quinn
fight the crocodile
and the ghost.
Hang on. I want to play.
But hang on... Antarctica?
I'll be the ghost.
I'll be the Tasmanian Devil.
Okay then me Quinn.
But I'm Quinn!
Sorry. dibsys me call it.
He called it. Quinn!
Okay. I guess he called it.